---
layout: post
title: "Capillary Electrophoresis Chemiluminescence"
featured-img: chemistry
categories: [Research]
---
Wang J., Han. S.Q. Capillary Electrophoresis Chemiluminescence for the Analysis of Flavonoids in Pharmaceuticals and Human Plasma. Chromatographia, 2013, 76 (11-12): 715–718. [view](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s10337-013-2439-1)

#### <font color="#6600cc">Introduction </font>

Ginkgo biloba is a kind of plant with high medicinal value. The extracts of Ginkgo biloba leaves (EGb) contains up to 28 % of flavonoids and about 6 % of ginkgolides. EGb possess the function of cleaning away heat, preventing and treating blood capillary and hypertension diseases [1]. EGb have been therapeutically used for the stimulation of the central and peripheral blood circulation, reducing blood pressure, improving viscoelasticity of blood, neurological disorders, sclerosis of cerebral arteries, and cerebral ageing [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]. So far, HPLC–UV [9, 10], HPLC-photodiode array detection (PDA) [11], capillary electrophoresis with electrochemical detection (CE–ED) [12] and GC–MS [13, 14, 15] have been used for analysis flavonoids in EGb. Use of HPLC for analysis often has shortcomings such as long analysis time, low resolution, and short column lifetime, owing to easy contamination. <br /> GC–MS is not suitable for routine determination in terms of cost, time or complex sample preparation. In the recent years, CE is introduced into the medical analysis for its high separation efficiency, low sample consumption, short analysis time, lower operating cost and relatively simple instrumentation. CE–ED has also been used for this purpose. Electrochemical detector is more sensitive than UV/visible detector and much cheaper than MS detector, however, the problem of interferences caused by electro inactive substances, easy contamination and short life for electrode in electrochemical analysis that restrict its application in Chinese herbs analysis and in vivo biological analysis. As an alternative approach, chemiluminescence (CL) can provide high sensitivity, selectivity and a wide linear dynamic range. The combination of the high separation ability of CE with high sensitivity of CL has become an attractive research brand. To our knowledge, coupling of CE analysis and CL detection has not been applied to analyze the flavonoids of EGb yet. In this paper an efficient and simple method was described to analyze flavonoids in EGb pharmaceuticals and human plasma.

#### <font color="#6600cc">Experiments </font>

A CE–CL system has been constructed by our laboratory. A ±30 kV high voltage dc power supply (Shanghai Institute of Nuclear Research, China) provided separation voltage. The separation was completed in a 40 cm length of 50 μm i.d. fused silica capillary (Yongnian Optical Fiber Factory, Hebei, China). The CL reaction occurred in a reaction capillary (15 cm length of 530 μm i.d.). Separation capillary was inserted into the reaction capillary. The CL reagents were delivered by gravity through a 10 cm length of 320 μm i.d. reagents capillary into reaction capillary. <br /> A four-way joint was used to fix the above-mentioned three capillaries and the grounding electrode. The inlet end of separation capillary was held at a positive potential and the outlet end of capillary was maintained at ground. About 1 cm detection window located in front of the photomultiplier tube (PMT), was formed on the reaction capillary by burning of the polyimide coating. The CL signal was collected with a BPCL ultra-weak luminescence analyzer (Institute of Biophysics, Chinese Academy of Science, Beijing, China). The whole CL detection system was held in a large light-tight box. Sample was introduced to the anode end of the separation capillary by gravity injection for 10 s at 15 cm height.


The used reagents were of analytical grade without previous purification. Standard reference compounds of rutin, quercetin and standardized EGb were obtained from Shannxi Huike Botanical Development Co. Ltd. (Xi’an, China). All aqueous solutions were made up in ultrapure water (Water Purification System, Germany). <br /> Stock solutions of rutin and quercetin (1.0 mM) were prepared in methanol and diluted with water to the desired concentration just prior to use. The solutions were kept in a refrigerator. Luminol was obtained from Shaanxi Normal University (Xi’an, China), and was prepared in 0.01 M stock solution. K3Fe(CN)6, NaOH and borate were purchased from Shanghai Chemical Factory (Shanghai, China) and their stock solutions were prepared in water. All solutions were filtered through a 0.45 μm membrane prior to use.

#### <font color="#6600cc">Conclusion </font>
CE–CL method was simple, sensitive, and reproducible for the determination of flavonoids in EGb. The sample preparation offered in the proposed method was very simple because only the extraction procedure, instead of the conventional cleanup steps, was required. Good precision and accuracy were achieved. The assay was suitable for routine analysis of EGb flavonoids in commercial sample and human fluid.
